DITAfication of Provisioning hosts (#4515)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-microsoft-azure-resource-manager-details-to-a-compute-profile-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="adding-microsoft-azure-resource-manager-details-to-a-compute-profile-by-using-web-ui"]
= Adding Microsoft Azure Resource Manager details to a compute profile by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> To standardize and more efficiently manage the deployment of your virtual machines in the Azure cloud, add Microsoft Azure hardware settings to a compute profile.

Author: ```suggestion
To standardize and more efficiently manage the deployment of your cloud instances in the Azure cloud, add Microsoft Azure hardware settings to a compute profile.
```
